Pfizer Will Allow Its Covid Pill to Be Made and Sold Cheaply in Poor CountriesPfizer announced a deal on Tuesday to allow its promising Covid-19 treatment to be made and sold inexpensively in 95 poorer nations that are home to more than...
CDC: No Record of Naturally Immune Transmitting COVID-19The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that it has no record of people who are naturally immune transmitting the virus that causes COVID-19...
COVID-19 Update: Almost Every Case Worldwide Emerges From Delta StrainFirst detected in India in late 2020, the COVID-19 variant known as Delta now accounts for almost every infection globally, the World Health Organization...
Federal appeals court halts Biden administration’s vaccine requirement, delivering policy a major blowA federal appeals court in New Orleans has halted the Biden administration’s vaccine or testing requirement for private businesses, delivering another...
Pfizer Announces Deal To Provide COVID Pill To Low-Income CountriesIn an agreement announced on Tuesday, Pfizer will permit its COVID-19 pill treatment to be manufactured and sold in countries that might not be able to...
Pfizer agrees to let other companies make its COVID-19 pillDrugmaker Pfizer Inc. has signed a deal with a U.N.-backed group to allow other manufacturers to make its experimental COVID-19 pill, a move that could make...
Is this the fifth COVID-19 wave? Experts fear we may simply come to call it 'winter'For the first time in two months, COVID-19 case counts and deaths are rising again in most U.S. states, especially in the northern tier and Rocky Mountains,...
How COVID Lockdowns Handed Global Warming Extremists The Tools To Crush FreedomWe’ve rolled out the blueprint for a society that is nominally free, but willing to throw freedom away in a crisis.The Glasgow Climate Conference wrapped...
Pfizer to Allow Generic Drugmakers to Manufacture COVID-19 Antiviral PillPharmaceutical company Pfizer announced Tuesday that it would allow generic drug companies around the world to produce its COVID-19 antiviral pill by granting...
A record number of Americans quit their jobs in SeptemberA record 4.4 million Americans quit their jobs in September as the sheer volume of available jobs is empowering workers to have their pick....
Why COVID-19 is spiking in highly vaccinated statesThe coronavirus pandemic is still going. And as we head into the winter months, there are a number of questions about what might happen in states...
8 lingering questions about the new Covid pills from Merck and PfizerThe past two months have brought extremely good news in the fight against Covid-19. Two different oral treatments have proved effective at both preventing...
I wasn’t sure about getting my kids COVID vaccines — until they exposed Grandma to the virusFrantically, I shot out of bed. My stomach was in knots, as it often was during those first few months of motherhood. My imagination on overdrive, I braced for...
Jobs vs. jabs: Federal court upholds stay on Biden’s ‘sledgehammer’ vaccine mandateA federal appeals court late Friday upheld its stay of the Biden administration’s vaccine mandate for larger businesses, saying it leaves workers with a choice...
Dr. Fauci troubled by political divide over Covid science, says it’s hampered pandemic responseChief White House medical advisor Dr. Anthony Fauci said in a new interview that there is a “very disconcerting” politically partisan divide over science in...
Federal appeals court halts Biden administration’s vaccine requirement, delivering policy a major blowA federal appeals court in New Orleans has halted the Biden administration’s vaccine or testing requirement for private businesses, delivering another...
Jobs vs. jabs: Federal court upholds stay on Biden’s ‘sledgehammer’ vaccine mandateA federal appeals court late Friday upheld its stay of the Biden administration’s vaccine mandate for larger businesses, saying it leaves workers with a choice...
U.S. appeals court affirms hold on Biden COVID-19 vaccine mandateA U.S. appeals court on Friday affirmed its decision to put on hold an order by President Joe Biden for companies with 100 workers or more to require COVID-19...
No, Workers Aren’t Striking Because of Vaccine MandatesThere’s a meme traveling around conservative media that vaccine mandates are the cause of the ongoing strike wave. Although you certainly can find news stories...
Senior NIH Doctor Pushes Back on COVID-19 Vaccine MandatesA top infectious disease doctor has raised alarm about COVID-19 vaccine mandates despite top federal officials recommending them for businesses,...
Oklahoma Guard goes rogue, rejects COVID vaccine mandate after sudden change of commandThe new commander of the Oklahoma National Guard has declared the organization will not enforce the Defense Department’s COVID-19 vaccine mandate on its troops...
DOJ asks federal appeals court to lift temporary order blocking Covid-19 vaccine mandateThe Department of Justice argued Monday night against a more permanent block of the Biden administration's Covid-19 vaccine mandate in a filing to...
VA: Religious Exemption Requests for Vaccine Won't Be ChallengedThe Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) will not challenge staff on religious exemption requests for the coronavirus vaccine, the Washington Examiner ...
Ten states sue Biden administration over COVID-19 vaccine mandate for U.S. health workersTen Republican state attorneys general sued on Wednesday to stop the Biden administration's requirement that millions of U.S. health workers get vaccinated...
De Blasio slams FDNY firefighters for faking sick over vaccine mandate, vows consequences Mayor de Blasio on Monday attacked city firefighters for feigning illness to protest vaccination mandates — and promised consequences for those who...
Hundreds of Thousands to Go on Four-Day Nationwide Strike Over Vaccine Mandates: OrganizerA nationwide strike against vaccine mandates will take place from Nov. 8 to Nov. 11, according to the main organizer for the walkout, Leigh...
Florida, Center of COVID Mandate Resistance, Has Lowest Infections Levels in U.S.Florida's coronavirus case rate has dropped to among the lowest in the country as the state's Republican leaders continue to fight vaccine mandates and other...
Jair Bolsonaro is accused of crimes against humanity in BrazilFew brazilians had high hopes for a Senate inquiry into the country’s disastrous handling of covid-19. But its thousand-page report, leaked this week, is...
Biden administration asks federal appeals court to lift order blocking COVID-19 vaccine mandateThe Biden administration is asking a federal court to lift an order that blocked its rule mandating that larger employers require workers to get...
White House tells businesses to proceed with vaccine mandate despite court-ordered pauseThe White House on Monday said businesses should move forward with President Joe Biden’s vaccine and testing requirements for private businesses, despite a...
U.S. Retail Sales Jump by Most Since March, Topping ForecastsU.S. retail sales rose in October for a third month, signaling households continue to spend even with the fastest inflation in decades. The value of...
Retail sales accelerate as supply chain crisis causes earlier start to holiday shopping seasonConsumer spending accelerated in October as shoppers kicked off the holiday shopping season earlier than usual due to the supply chain bottlenecks. ...
Retail sales rise faster than expected in October even as inflation pushes prices higherU.S. shoppers accelerated their level of spending in October even as the prices of goods jumped at their fastest pace since the 1990s, the Commerce Department...
As supply lines strain, some corporations rewrite production playbookThe pandemic caught Stanley Black & Decker midway through an overhaul of its 18-country supply chain.Executives at the toolmaker’s New Britain, Conn.,...
Thank the Government for the High Price of Holiday MealsAs we head into the holidays, part of the season's cheer will be tarnished by the higher prices we'll all pay for holiday festivities. In fact, food, like many...
Despite Inflation, Retail Sales Jump More Than ExpectedRetail sales rose 1.7% in October amid record-breaking inflation and a supply chain crisis, according to Commerce Department data released Thursday.Economic...
Biden signs bipartisan infrastructure bill with Republicans on hand to celebrate winAfter months of negotiations, a massive bipartisan infrastructure bill that promises significant investments in every pocket of the country got...
How Biden's infrastructure victory lap could disappoint DemocratsPresident Joe Biden launched a publicity tour touting his newly passed $1.2 trillion bipartisan infrastructure bill, but political operatives in both...
Warehouses are overwhelmed by America's shopping spreeDoug Kiersey has been building, buying and leasing warehouses for almost 40 years. He's never seen a time like this."It's completely unprecedented," says...
California sets gas price record for second day runningCalifornia gas prices hit $4.682 per gallon on Monday, setting a new record for the state for a second day in a row, according to the American Automobile...
Psaki Says Inflation Is Being Used As A ‘Political Cudgel’White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said that inflation is being utilized as a “political cudgel” and predicted that it will decrease next year.During a...
U.S. Shoppers Boosted Spending Last Month, Taking on Higher PricesAmerican consumers spent more at the start of the holiday shopping season, brushing off concerns about higher prices at retailers last month.Sales at...
A record number of Americans quit their jobs in SeptemberA record 4.4 million Americans quit their jobs in September as the sheer volume of available jobs is empowering workers to have their pick....
A record 4.4M Americans quit jobs as 'Great Resignation' gathers momentumThe number of U.S. workers quitting their jobs surged to a record in September as openings remained near an all-time high. The...
Who still thinks inflation is transitory?Is inflation transitory? Executives are talking about it more than ever, but there’s little agreement on whether the spike in price increases will be sticky or...
Jurors Hear Closing Arguments in Kyle Rittenhouse TrialA prosecutor hoping to send Kyle Rittenhouse to prison made closing arguments in his homicide trial on Monday. The jury was expected to begin weighing later in...
Rittenhouse defense criticizes prosecution's provocation charge in closing arguments: LIVE UPDATESRittenhouse faces charges including first-degree intentional homicide, which is Wisconsin’s murder count; attempted first-degree intentional homicide;...
Jury begins deliberating in Kyle Rittenhouse murder trialSean Krajacic/ Pool via REUTERSThe judge in the Wisconsin murder trial of Kyle Rittenhouse instructed the jury on Tuesday to begin deliberating on the fate of...
Kenosha hopes for calm as Kyle Rittenhouse trial nears endKENOSHA, Wis. — This city on Lake Michigan was quiet, calm and peaceful on Sunday, and many residents want it to remain that way as closing arguments in the...
By the time Kyle Rittenhouse testified, he already won the caseThe Kyle Rittenhouse trial continued today in Wisconsin. In a move that surprised lawyers everywhere, Rittenhouse took the stand in his own defense. That...
Watch live: Closing arguments are underway in the Kyle Rittenhouse homicide trialProsecutors and defense lawyers are making their closing arguments in the criminal trial of Kyle Rittenhouse, the 18-year-old who is charged with homicide...
Kyle Rittenhouse Doesn’t Need to Be Acquitted to WinKyle Rittenhouse was 17 when he killed two Black Lives Matter protesters in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and wounded another. Rittenhouse, who is now 18, has been...
Judge Shuts Down Rittenhouse Prosecutor’s Questioning For Possible ‘Grave Constitutional Violation’Judge Bruce Schroeder shut down the Kyle Rittenhouse prosecutor’s questioning for a possible “grave Constitutional violation” Wednesday after the prosecution...
Judge dismisses charge against U.S. teen Rittenhouse for possessing rifleA Wisconsin judge in the murder trial of Kyle Rittenhouse on Monday dismissed a misdemeanor charge against the U.S. teenager for illegally possessing the AR-15...
What Kyle Rittenhouse's tears reveal about AmericaDespite last year's demonstrations supporting racial justice and substantive efforts at political reform, the system that devalues Black lives remains largely...
Trial Explodes: Kyle Rittenhouse Cries on Stand, Judge Berates ProsecutorKyle Rittenhouse broke down sobbing on the stand while testifying in his own defense on Wednesday, prompting the judge to call a ten-minute recess....
Defense rests its case at murder trial of Kyle RittenhouseThe defense rested its case Thursday at the murder trial of Kyle Rittenhouse, setting the stage for closing arguments in the shootings that left Americans...
Judge In Kyle Rittenhouse Trial Called Out For Strange Joke About 'Asian Food'The judge presiding over the Kyle Rittenhouse murder trial in Kenosha, Wisconsin, made a joke Thursday that critics slammed as racially charged and...
Kyle Rittenhouse Doesn’t Need Reasonable Doubt. His Prosecutors DoProsecutors in the murder trial of Kyle Rittenhouse so far have a case that comes down to this: What if the things our witnesses say they saw and...
Rittenhouse: ‘I didn’t do anything wrong. I defended myself’Kyle Rittenhouse testified Wednesday he was under attack when he killed two men and wounded a third with his rifle during a chaotic night of protests in...
U.S. Retail Sales Jump by Most Since March, Topping ForecastsU.S. retail sales rose in October for a third month, signaling households continue to spend even with the fastest inflation in decades. The value of...
Retail sales accelerate as supply chain crisis causes earlier start to holiday shopping seasonConsumer spending accelerated in October as shoppers kicked off the holiday shopping season earlier than usual due to the supply chain bottlenecks. ...
Retail sales rise faster than expected in October even as inflation pushes prices higherU.S. shoppers accelerated their level of spending in October even as the prices of goods jumped at their fastest pace since the 1990s, the Commerce Department...
Inflation emerges as a 2022 campaign dividing lineTight congressional races across the nation are quickly turning into battlegrounds over a key economic question: whether President Joe Biden’s spending agenda...
Thank the Government for the High Price of Holiday MealsAs we head into the holidays, part of the season's cheer will be tarnished by the higher prices we'll all pay for holiday festivities. In fact, food, like many...
Who still thinks inflation is transitory?Is inflation transitory? Executives are talking about it more than ever, but there’s little agreement on whether the spike in price increases will be sticky or...
California sets gas price record for second day runningCalifornia gas prices hit $4.682 per gallon on Monday, setting a new record for the state for a second day in a row, according to the American Automobile...
Psaki Says Inflation Is Being Used As A ‘Political Cudgel’White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said that inflation is being utilized as a “political cudgel” and predicted that it will decrease next year.During a...
Most Americans Are Afraid Of InflationYou can see it at the grocery store, the gas station and your heating bill (though, mercifully, not at the liquor store): Prices are getting higher. Since...
Democrats have no plan to fight housing inflationInflation has taken center stage, and the White House desperately wants its signature bill to be the solution.On Wednesday, the Bureau of Labor...
IRS Adjusts Tax Brackets As Inflation Hits 30-Year HighThe Internal Revenue Service revealed that it would adjust federal income tax brackets and deductions in light of rising price levels in the United States....
Inflation“Another jump in consumer prices in September sent inflation up 5.4% from where it was a year ago, matching the largest increase since 2008… The...
China has a big inflation problem and it's pushing up prices worldwideThe cost of goods leaving China's factories surged by another record rate last month, and there are increasing signs that consumers are starting to feel the...
Biden’s Inflation ProblemThere’s no way to spin it: Wednesday’s inflation report is bad news for the country economically and for the president politically. The year-...
Inflation at 30-year high. Where it goes next is (partly) up to you.Many Americans have never lived through severe inflation. Here’s why the answer to today’s worrisome price spike may revolve around consumer and business...
Biden-successor chatter grows and Harris isn’t scaring off anyonePresident Joe Biden says he intends to run for reelection in 2024. But not all Democrats believe him. Nor are they convinced his No. 2 would be the clear heir...
Kamala Harris sidelined amid growing tensions with Biden, insiders sayVice President Kamala Harris feels increasingly isolated inside the White House as her approval ratings plummet — with...
White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki defended Kamala Harris after a report about 'exasperation and dysfunction' in the vice president's officeWhite House Press Secretary Jen Psaki tweeted in defense of Vice President Kamala Harris hours after a critical report alleged "exasperation and dysfunction"...
Biden to host leaders of Canada and Mexico at White House next weekPresident Biden will host Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador at the White House next week for the first...
Psaki Says Inflation Is Being Used As A ‘Political Cudgel’White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said that inflation is being utilized as a “political cudgel” and predicted that it will decrease next year.During a...
West Wing Reportedly Frustrated with VP HarrisReports across the spectrum have detailed frustration within the White House over purported dysfunction with Vice President Kamala Harris and her team....
Biden Rejects $450,000 Payments for Separated MigrantsPresident Biden on Wednesday said migrants separated from family members at the border would not receive hundreds of thousands of dollars for the damage...
Psaki claims Biden doesn’t spend much time thinking about ‘Let’s Go Brandon’ rallying cryWhite House press secretary Jen Psaki claimed President Biden doesn’t "spend much time focused" on the anti-Biden rallying cry "Let’s Go...
White House unveils effort to address military toxic exposuresThe White House on Thursday announced a new strategy to identify and treat health issues in veterans who may have been exposed to chemical, physical...
'Let's go Brandon,' explainedOn Friday night, a Southwest Airlines pilot allegedly said "Let's go Brandon" over the plane intercom, causing a stir on board and prompting an investigation...
Biden calls Satchel Paige 'the great negro' in latest gaffePresident Biden referred to the late baseball player Satchel Paige as "the great negro" before correcting himself during his Veterans Day address at...
Biden Denies Plan For $450,000 Payments To Separated Families: 'Not Gonna Happen'President Joe Biden dismissed a “garbage” Wall Street Journal report from last week that alleged his administration was considering paying about...
Family Members Separated at Border May Each Get Up to $450,000Migrant families separated at the border by the Trump administration may be eligible to each receive hundreds of thousands of dollars in compensation for the...
WH: Biden now ‘perfectly comfortable’ with migrant payouts — after calling $450K report ‘garbage’President Biden is “perfectly comfortable” with cash payouts to migrant families whose members were detained separately after illegally crossing the US-Mexico...
Biden Dismisses Idea Of Paying $450,000 To Immigrant Families Separated At BorderPresident Joe Biden on Wednesday dismissed a report from The Wall Street Journal that suggested his administration is considering paying immigrant families who...
Deficit ‘prediction’ for infrastructure bill varies widely from estimatesThe day after the House passed an infrastructure bill and sent it to President Joe Biden to be signed, conservative podcast host Dan Bongino attacked...
Joe Biden ‘Got a Handle on COVID’CLAIM:"Biden got a handle on COVID."— David Corn, D.C. bureau chief of Mother JonesThe lib reporter made the assertion on Twitter in...
Electric Vehicle Tax Credits in Democratic PlanThe House’s current Build Back Better plan calls for extending a $7,500 tax credit for the purchase of electric vehicles, and it includes an additional $4,500...
Deceptive Republican attack ad uses images from Trump presidency to depict 'chaos' under BidenA new national television ad from House Republicans' campaign arm deceptively uses images of events that occurred during former President Donald Trump's time...
Democrat Cindy Axne Falsely Claims Biden’s $1.75T Agenda Will Cost Iowans ‘Literally Nothing’CLAIM: Democrat Rep. Cindy Axne (D-IA) claimed last week that President Joe Biden’s Build Back Better agenda will cost Iowans “literally nothing.”VERDICT:...
Can Colorado Hospitals Turn Away Unvaccinated Patients?An article from Red Voice Media, self-described as being owned by “patriots” and fighting “false narratives against conservatives,” claims that...
Maricopa County Audit Did Not Find 712,152 New Trump VotesSince June 23, 2021, a political Facebook post has been shared at least tens of thousands of times. The screenshot in the post misrepresented the...
For Whom Do the Covid “Fact Checkers” Really Work?There are two types of COVID19 survivors— those who have documented recovery from sars-cov-2 (either PCR, antigen or serology + tests) or those who have self-...
Aaron Rodgers’ Inaccurate COVID-19 ClaimsAaron Rodgers, the star quarterback of the Green Bay Packers, made headlines when he contracted COVID-19 and then defended his decision not to get vaccinated...
Canceling student loan debt would cost the federal government billionsSince President Joe Biden took office, his administration has canceled billions of dollars in student loan debt. Most recently, in early October...
Beware People Trying to Dismiss Jack Dorsey's Inflation Analysis as DisinformationI hope you squirreled away that cool 16 cents you saved on your Fourth of July barbeque this year. Across the board, prices seem to be going up...
Fact Checking McAuliffe’s Claim That Youngkin Wants to Ban Books by Black AuthorsThe Democratic nominee in the Virginia gubernatorial race Terry McAuliffe has accused his Republican opponent Glenn Youngkin of “want[ing] to ban books by...
Unpacking the noise around Dr. Anthony Fauci and beagle experimentsIf you’ve seen media reports or social media postings about beagle puppies and Dr. Anthony Fauci, the White House’s chief medical adviser, you might be...
Journalist Butchery of School Board Protests Upending Politics in Virginia and ElsewhereThe media pile-on atop Sen. Ted Cruz (R–Texas) for his comments Wednesday characterizing mock Nazi salutes at school board meetings as First...
Biden Botches Virginia Election HistorySeeking to deflect the significance of Democrat Terry McAuliffe’s loss in the Virginia governor’s race to Republican Glenn Youngkin, President Joe Biden...
